

Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                     D. Hardt, Ed.
Request for Comments: 6749                                     Microsoft
Obsoletes: 5849                                             October 2012
Category: Standards Track
ISSN: 2070-1721


                 The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework

Abstract

   The OAuth 2.0 authorization framework enables a third-party
   application to obtain limited access to an HTTP service, either on
   behalf of a resource owner by orchestrating an approval interaction
   between the resource owner and the HTTP service, or by allowing the
   third-party application to obtain access on its own behalf.  This
   specification replaces and obsoletes the OAuth 1.0 protocol described
   in RFC 5849.







1.1.  Roles

   OAuth defines four roles:

   resource owner
      An entity capable of granting access to a protected resource.
      When the resource owner is a person, it is referred to as an
      end-user.

   resource server
      The server hosting the protected resources, capable of accepting
      and responding to protected resource requests using access tokens.

   client
      An application making protected resource requests on behalf of the
      resource owner and with its authorization.  The term "client" does
      not imply any particular implementation characteristics (e.g.,
      whether the application executes on a server, a desktop, or other
      devices).

   authorization server
      The server issuing access tokens to the client after successfully
      authenticating the resource owner and obtaining authorization.

   The interaction between the authorization server and resource server
   is beyond the scope of this specification.  The authorization server
   may be the same server as the resource server or a separate entity.
   A single authorization server may issue access tokens accepted by
   multiple resource servers.



TXT record
TXT is a DNS record that provides text information to sources outside your domain. With Google Cloud services, TXT records are used to verify domain ownership and to implement email security measures such as SPF, DKIM and DMARC.


Server host name - EspeezyAlmaLinux9




